ladies and gentlemen today on the
channel the one and only it's it's BFF
battle nobody requested this game I just
like it oh it's three idiots too I don't
know man there's like 40 plus days until
sparking zero what else am I supposed to
play huh you don't what tell me what
what else am I supposed to play Dion
rhyme I don't suppose either of you know
how to play bule battle I look like
somebody just told me like a sweet
compliment oh you you do look like
you're like shcks what me wait hold on
how do you play bro bro you just walk
left and right you activate your
abilities by left clicking look boom I
just grew you a little bit bro do you
feel can't move wait but what what is
the objective hey I off I
relax go how do you shoot left click and
then right click for Your Right ability
and then uh middle Mouse button for your
middle ability I killed myself what have
I whoa you killed me what did I do I
don't know Do's a bet Tai only one who
knows how to play the game I don't know
you can probably use controller if you
want I don't know you maybe left click
for left ability right click for right
middle for Middle grow R go I missed I
one of these oh was that a black hole
Bro you've killed me you doomed me I
jumped into my own black
hole I fell I did I die did I how did
you win I sucked you into my hole bro
bro look at look is that Dion down there
like oh jeez my SC is nervous as hell
hey bro can y'all let me use my I'm
trying to help you guys growth Ray I
squished myself I'm I'm so [__] you
can see my guts Bro Look At Me hey shut
up I have no powers watch out
dead
damn blew away his own cover I didn't
realize that's what would happen all
right I'm changing AB I just figured out
how to play the game my ability yeah
yeah same hey bro I got the strongest
ability in the game bro yeah come here
bro oh
oh and that's what you get and that's
what you get for killing me die why you
flying me holy [__] look at me you died
you I got one win let's go what you mean
I oh damn crazy ass stage this stage was
made for me actually here I'll shrink
this oh thanks bro now I have enough
room to shoot in the Embrace of Mesmer
flame what are you doing come here bro I
got needle by the
H oh I P I picked the same one I picked
the same ability get trunk this is
broken can I he stop get trunk [__] I
know look at you small ass I'm going to
eat
you I'm going eat you I got thaty on me
though [__] get eaten [__] shut up
[__] how do I eat you yeah die yeah get
eaten crunchy ass how you eat you were
too small the same Button as the shrink
no no no you just got too small I think
hey shrink [__] hey yeah look at him
shrug look at him shrug I'm going to eat
you I'm go hell no what
oh okay so there start up
on D we chose the same abilities that's
crazy bro nice Miss we had a beam
struggle I I love how Dion had ability
to make God stop shooting my godamn
missile bro why you shut up the missile
again hit him hit him H
him yeah what the [__] dude I was
justjing my time [__] you dude that was
[__] up of you like low key what you
doing over there oh you want a shrunken
ass hey hey I'm sorry I'm sorry drink
that [__] embarrassing wait are you
controlling the
platform all think the same
ability oh I hate him I hate him so much
I hate him so much yeah [__] hey help
me drop help me drop come here
what yeah
yeah you want to get a win on the board
or what oh he got you embarrassed now
bro I don't know what strategy I'm going
to there's so many different strategies
I could
really oh you missed me [__] you got to
get
him no Z what what what what does my do
don't worry I won't kill you I'll just
sentence you to small enjoy life I went
to the opposite side of the map for
safety purposes I am [__] I am TI
hey I'm a shrink right you [__] hey
stop him catch me first [__] wait why
is he why why did you consume him I
didn't get the damn it shrink [__]
surely you should be shrunk out of
existence what's this ability [__]
consume him I throw his Rock I can't I'm
too weak I'm too weak to throw a
rock do we want new abilities yeah all
right new abili hold on hold on
challenge set it all to random there's a
random one you can just set it all to
random
all three to random first of five wins
with random abilities gets Pride
$100,000 worth of Pride don't steal my
thing now what this load out might be
trash can make the big what is this
sniped his ass oh you can see me
[Music]
now again well it gave it to me bro
camouflage I bet you can't even see me
huh [__] what is the blue thing make
that I like what did I do surprise oh
wait you blew yourself up idiot I
all look at my face in the bottom
corner why you like he said no
prickles this one's on the
house all right what do I got this time
what do I got is it always random it's
always it's random random every time
okay this this might be the what the
hell is this damn he got he got cook oh
I duplicated his black hole there's
three black holes you're cooked you're
cooked grab a hook bro stop oh should I
be doing this what am I doing there's
two of them don't make me make three of
you [__] which one am I they're both
you you dumb
[__] [__] what do I do I don't help me
you just the only one that needs to
survive is the one that has the skills
now there's two hey no Laser Now nice
that was embarrassing it wasn't I
couldn't get I couldn't get over to a
small ass I spent half my time
duplicating him I gave him like 18 lives
how about you duplicate yourself a win
hey bro I got you all right let's see
what I've got this time ooh camouflage
NATO oh
[__] damn so when I do that do I just go
set first to oh okay no no it's it's
five it's five I mean we can just make
it yeah no no three is cool o let me
cover it in slime camouflage o
invisibility stupid ass back
here you
damn him with that Giga drill Brea how
did could you see me or was that just a
[__] lucky guess can see the trail ah
[__] smoke I'm not going to lie I beat
Donald's camouflage and was kind of he
had the [__] Shing on that match hey
hey hey hey but real talk though I need
to
win missile out I [__] crushed myself
embarrassing way for me to get a
win [__] nated his at me oh don't CR
me Spike oh so you avoided my technique
ah
hey God damn
it wait so if I just touch this do I die
if it's like
electric you touched it no I didn't
anyway GG you guys are trash hey hold on
bro it's only three we said first to
five [__] so it ain't even over that
was just one round darn
that oh
no not me I'm not going to L you still
that's your platform's gone your
platform's gone oh [__] I missed map
looks fun now yours is [__] no [__] you
[__] [__] call me [__] again you have
nothing you have nothing what does the
what does the drill do
freeze [__] drill
mode oh you almost drilled you almost
drilled through it yeah I might have
watched one or two episodes of G on
myself you just watched me do that to
you two episodes ago yeah I was in the
gym 8 hours a day getting this physique
keep this big idiot away from me yeah
I'm basically vegan n yeah I'm basically
vegan yeah I work out like six days
a weak yeah you're still alive I'm just
kind of posing down here I got this rock
what does that do oh it's too small to
kill you and then I'll have to send you
to the Moon itself it's too late for you
my St don't squish me no yeah don't s
squish me [__] don't dis squish
me did not say don't dis squish
me I did not say
thato I'm putting a wall between us shut
up so bad bro feel like there's a
wall I'm just joking I'm just joking man
can't make jokes what is going every oh
me me
what I had no way I'm mad I was thinking
of Bugs Bunny but I did the Road Runner
sound I'm an idiot ooh the duplicator no
I turned into a ball and died wait did I
random into a non move hey get away from
me
[Music]
bro damn you you jammed yourself hey bro
I just realized Deon only needs one win
to consider himself the random Champion
bro I can't let this happen jum yeah we
we absolutely do bro what you doing I'm
ball don't do it [__] hey why' you
blink my missile and where' you put it I
saved you bro
oh where do you
go I found you somewhere in there
apparently what I was invisible you got
me when I was invisible yeah I did bro
yeah I did it ain't no jump now hey bro
respectfully get squ oh no
rob you have to win you have to win bro
it has to be you bro bro you're scaring
me
bro no
idiot I knew all I had to do was give
that idiot a grenade and let him just
naal selection take over five man thing
I think it's time to get a little
crazier in here now I'm going to bring a
random player into the mix their name is
T Scott a TI you said that like you bro
I got confused I was like is this like
an actual professional that we're about
to jump or something or is this just a
random guy this is just a random guy R
you have to change teams bro you're on
his team are we building our own builds
now cuz I have a plan oh [__] yes I have
a plan I have a plan I'm mad your dumb
asses have all read his name incorrectly
so far D Scott Welcome to The Three
Idiots bro my strategy is to create the
ultimate why what what how what now we
got to jump him we got to jump him jum
Scot [__] one bro this guy's a nobody
my T Scott T Scott what if I clone you
[__] I made two of them yeah T Scott
what if I made three of them all right
guys there's three t- Scots now we can I
[__] guys you left me all alone with
these bro it's Dino's dumbass fault bro
you
moon no guys T Scott is rinsing us right
now he got lucky a couple
times my strategy is not working all
right I'm going to I'm going to launch
the my strategy guys triple launcher I'm
riding this baby to the ground
who just blew me the [__] up bro he is
good he's [__] rinsing us no no no no
no come back one guy that's been playing
B rank for the past year who else would
be playing this bro is the B
extraordinaire hey bro who are you
firing at oh my God I got crushed by
this dumbass ball
no he's kicking our ass he's beating our
ass he's kicking our ass guys lock the
[__]
in yes go I got his dumb ass there we go
let's go and now it's [__] y'all on site
grenade you're going to do what to me on
site you're taking the sentence where
you going bro do you have any abilities
it's my clone that's alive but it counts
as me hey bro go pick up those abilities
there's there's some
pickups there oh that all you did was
piss him off bro all you did was piss
him off you was piss him off shut up
[__] oh my God he was talking he felt
save he felt safe watch out
hey hey just know that I'm the one who
killed that I'm the one who killed that
UDOT oh he's AFK no he's not he no we
jump in his ass again by the way I
[__] killed myself to his own grenade
I got him I got him don't worry I got
him do you think he knows he's being
targeted now oh my God I think he oh the
smoke is also gunpowder no I uh yeah
yeah let's say that I didn't just fire a
missile and hit the ceiling right above
me okay I feel like uh he's going to go
after me cuz I keep killing him you
killed him one time yeah mean bro why is
he going after me one time we both
killed him I am not your enemy what you
want to be friends with him now no bro
but I am his enemy but I DN you a beam
struggle's dead be beam Clash you know
win bro if he wins he wins for real beam
Clash it right now A he tried oh he's
alive he's trying to grenade you over
this asteroid Bel yes he's still
Reviving yeah there you go yo that is
that is easily the best [__]
technique why am I [__] running
around with these dumbass missiles you
got a whole combat bro you still keep
playing with missiles respectfully I
have a strategy I'm sticking to it it's
getting real crowded up here I'll say
that guys I took him out with me D I
need you to beat Dino damn it bro he has
the revive bro he has the meta
techniques bro revive with beam is is is
the best combo the gun the smoke [__]
lit me up man hey I I know what strategy
I have to use bro I I can see it now
yeah he's he's going to revive into the
black hole all right bro all right bro I
need a win bro I'm I'm changing my
abilities are you guys going to get a
win or no oh wait what it took me back
to the menu I I backed this out by
accident no I backed this out I have a
devious strategy now this this is this
is actuallyit does this reset or wins
though yeah it does by accident probably
what up by accident all right here's my
devious Strat I take the platform up
here I grow oh I got sucked I grow it
and now I just got to squish it don't
I'm just going to squish you I'll fight
no you're going to get squished bro yep
it's it's it's over for you just get on
his platform my platform shrunk
oh hell no way hell yeah you'll die too
he's crazy you realize this will be your
end he threw a grenade at me no [__] oh
I have no jump I have no jump I have no
jumpo playing basketball no I I I
actually unmapped my jump I fix it what
do you mean you UNM jum how did you do
that it's just space I can't don't yeah
I can't do it Bruce help I I I don't I
don't know I don't know how you did it
[__] God damn that stupid ass be help
damn you you CL don't say help as you
after you hit me with a bro I don't I
don't I don't know what you did I don't
know how to do that no you got to back
me out to the menu doofus oh help okay
I'll do that there's no sorry just no
idea just know I kill myself too he's
pushing the black hole into you I can't
move oh true all right here I'll back us
out God damn it do what the [__] what
what did do do you lose your bro you
just I don't know I don't know why this
one didn't work Leon I'm a squishy Leon
I'm going to squishy Leon help me don't
let me squish I'm dying I I you know
what I killed him I killed him for
us
damn all right back it up back
back I'm using the same push pull
strategy I think it is genius I just
haven't been able to get it work yet
don't squish me don't squish me bro
don't squish me bro no no you mother
[__] [__] [__] well I'm sad
man hey y'all mind if I fess up real
quick I've been I've been conning you
guys this whole time watch me
win oh my
god oh what bro that beam is so I hate
that beam what if hold on did I kill the
platform if the devs cared about this
game at all they would
the devs honestly forgot about this game
you saying the devs forgot this game
yeah they must have I'm going squishy te
Scot I'm going squish you got him
covered it look at this now your guts
will cover my platform too [__] what
the
black shoot him shoot
him
bum my beat skip is untimed God damn it
I finally squished people bro and now
I'll do it all again team Scott I
[__] hate this guy dude R God [__]
damn it bro
sem
sem oh he's going for a risk at all he's
going to K me it I don't know what he
was thinking oh he timed it so there's
nobody to kill yet revive the revive
it's right thereon maybe you can like
time him oh [__] oh I see what you're
doing I see what you're doing I see what
you're doing it worked that was sick
that was sick that was sick well he got
[__] outsmarted I know T Scott stared
at the screen like stop backing me out
it was T Scott oh broke no T Scott got
mad that I I made him ra left bro yeah
you actually pissed him off yo you made
the [__] rank player rage quit all
right let's do another first to five
with just us why you guys just waiting
you guys going to jump me who's got
three black holes what the [__] what the
[__] I'm being cornered I'm
being thanks for going after
the I know
[__] bell end bro all right here we
go my strategy is UN timeable
[__] he's going to absorb you Dion you
got to play no you're headed straight
for the black
hole I'm man you just triled in hey hey
hey Dion our goal for this last game is
don't let D get a single win [__] you
let a single wi [__] you dog that's
[__] straight up shut upy all right
yeah yeah sure that's our goal [__] you
I'm beating your ass next time okay
let's see if that and immediately puts
me in a black hole oh my Strat doesn't
even work and he's dead I couldn't reach
him from there great now you got to win
that was you idiot I can't fight from
here bro yes you can you're not going to
hurt me are you B absolutely
will well now look at you look at him
beaming down
there God damn it oh I do have an arrow
above my head I can change all right I
have a play too then coward I don't know
what that play is yet oh I do know what
it is I call this the hellzone grenade
technique guys haven't seen this yeah
it's a little dragon ball reference so
basically what I who died basically what
I do is I throw aen up Sho be moving
damn look at my St and who gave me drill
bro that was me my bad no the [__] just
happened to me you got sucked into a
black bro I got launched into the air
that on grenade technique [__]
don't yo that was a perfectly time
do what the [__] just let me live dog
I'm using a crazy build you you just
can't even appreciate that
huh shoot him shoot him I'm going to
sitay here really oh damn
it Dam it all hey bro it's the first of
five this is where my comeback begins
they're going to write stories about me
in b battle history right right bro up I
killed myself he instantly blew himself
up sh oh that came out right when I did
my black hole
we got jump we got jump we got jump
ain't no we ain't no we there you go you
know he's going to turn his back on you
nah he would never do that I missed both
my bro he turned his back on me oh oh
you're still alive duplicate the black
hole create the bigger there you go team
team send him to the [__] stars
squish
yourself woohoo two wins on the board
I'm feeling good can I get three with
the hell Zone Strat no
I'll do it you [__] son of
a dam it I used the wrong move oh you
guys have to jump each other now hey we
got jump we got jump we got jump you're
both four four why do I keep spotting in
the middle stay back stay back a [__]
frag you guys it blew up in my
hand odd come me back [__] oh yeah no
bro black hole is kind of crazy mother
move is stupid let's see bro it's a
first to five to end Bobble battle stay
back big mistake smoke pop all right I
died God damn I got win shut up [__] I
hit my own Spike I didn't know it was
always active I thought it was just on
impact it's a giant blade Bro Look not
everything makes sense we can't expect
that to drill
mode oh my God I was invisible I was
invisible I just can you see me when I'm
invisible no no no I think you were
starting to become visible again cuz you
definitely weren't there before yeah I
pretty much work out shut up [__] oh
[__] God damn it I having a no good
terrible last day I don't even know what
this does God damn it I didn't know it
knock me off too I died second what does
that giant rock thing do when you turn
into a rock I you just turned into a
ball and you couldn't be crushed goodbye
whoa bro you use
my press the wrong way look at his dumb
ass hey he's got teleport Linkus Maximus
yeah [__] shut up I am a brock Good
luck killing a block bro I'm literally
just a block right now yeah how you
going to kill me
now oh
D hey we got to jump but he got three
wins he got three wins bro he think he
the r that's four that's not relax relax
Kings what did you say nothing no no no
no no no no no I didn't know what it did
that's your jumping
partner oh [__]
use the mine bro use the
mine it got too light Ain't No Way ain't
no way no I hit bro with the tug of Ro
technique tug of war hey bro I got a I
got a delicious little strategy one that
I've never seen used before I call it
the Mino bro y'all ever seen Naruto you
seen the yellow Flash of the leaf dumb
ass upo how the [__] I get up to y'all
real
tall Dam it come on okay this is the
only way
up I thought you were for sure crushing
yourself flying rajin jimu
Z come here [__] shut up come here
[__] where you
going right here we go this my [__]
yeah dumb ass BR that's so [__] a
bro you stabbed yourself that's two wins
on the board for me the random God yeah
he he he made fun of me for doing that
then he do it I've got nades pretty
simple technique but one that should
never be digestible I'm going to have to
combine it why you focusing me hard
Focus question mark what's going on here
still still
active watch I'm going to throw my into
my teleporter and teleport it back I
missed [__] God damn it idiot I've
got a missile I'm going to shoot you all
right Dion show show the world what
you're actually wait no Ryme win yes
turn into a whenever there's trouble
he's going
to wait wait what oh no I think you died
for what bro I literally stabbed through
him bro he was a block at that time
literally got deep inside what are we
talking about huh I'm going to make you
come here I'm about to buff you never
mind oh [__] I was going to buff you cuz
all I had was giant oh no oh why I go so
fast I guess if you let go of the the
control it goes really
fast that [__] would hit you all right I
have a plan no don't do don't don't send
him to ah damn it I thought I was going
to launch to the left three wins the
3pet you guys should start calling me
Chris b w
[Music]
[__] God damn it why is the smoke bom
made of gunpowder bro you you're not
legalist
[__] n bro I thought he was taking the
havit the Eisen guard that's crazy I'll
be right there Dino
py all I died for that I still one oh we
all have three three idiots have three
[__] Sonic Speed head ass I have the
magic staff shut up who [__] got me
leave me alone
Bro Look the damn it bro how do you
unattach the [__] oh now you're
getting a little uncomfortable huh
legless oh you got him damn I'm [__]
nasty with it I'm nasty with it you know
what we got to do this is going to be
the end don't say that because you
always say that and then start attacking
me oh my attacks are ass looks like
we've got ourselves a planet Buster here
oh come on I died in a weak
way W
brother he no way he to be fair to be
fair look I I I know we don't take we
don't take any consolation prizes but we
all won a set so far I'm just saying
like theoretically video long already
but if we had a tiebreaker I'm just
saying the first random you won the
selected pick with the black hole and
then you won this one we're all 111
that's all I'm saying bro all right bro
are we doing random again I think we
should still do random that's the true
test of skill wouldn't that still be all
RTO he bro it's also skill bro oh and
they gave me com come on Blue I'm
abducting you [__] oh [__] bro I have
no attacks aren you shut up and let me
squish you son I have no attacks bro
you're
next we going to get squished next
you're going to get bombed py by the
power of
medor
gotcha bro the land mes suck dick yeah
they do damn now this is a buffle battle
stage bro see y'all get
stabbed God you got to like look at what
everyone else has before you just start
playing [__] oh my God it's going to be
a quick one it's going to be a quick one
they wanted a longer video but they
ain't getting that [__] I am getting ho
what do this looks like I'll have to use
camouflage shoot the black hole shoot
the black hole it'll push it I Ryme what
where did you from I was camouflaged oh
you [__] [__] got a revive [__]
yeah I do they gave it to me bro his RNG
is insane he's like the main character
in look who's getting closer and closer
as the time goes by oh boom yeah your R
ran out too [__] wait what no it did
not he's lying he's cheating hello Dion
I've been ripped the whole time he
killed
himself bro how was I how was I to know
I popped that the we cannot you you
asked for a [__] truth and now
we're oh [__] oh [__] y'all don't even
know about he got lucky a couple
times a dang it Dino just go eat him bro
damn it Dino I think I think you're dead
wait oh why sword too bro his RNG is
insane I'm not I'm not small enough I'm
not small enough yeah you better get off
my platform [__] you better get off my
platform [__] oh damn he had the
counter
he bro he he drew the out you going to
get a win or what
after I can't I
can't oh he's invisible how you going to
counter this he could be anywhere oh
there he is oh I see the play I see the
play I see the B IQ on this play I gota
wait for the
lightning that [__] came in slow motion
but I didn't want to hit my own laser oh
I shrunk myself
no
no Kobe God damn it who [__] gave me
a baby brother dude I didn't ask for
that [__] you what the [__] what the fu
be gone thunder clap
some oh he ain't got no abilities you
going to have to stop me Z oh
[__] I thought God I had nothing for him
thank God your missile game God dang oh
no oh no Fu what is wrong with you why
did they Spa me there oh that was sick
laser beam damn it breaks it hell yeah
bro how I get hit bro I popped the smoke
screen gun I forgot yeah I I'd be
forgetting don't neither of you neither
of you tried no you shut your stupid ass
up [__] no no I
[Music]
F oh R you know what to do oh he knows
what to do he knows what to do oh there
he goes I was waiting for it [__] I was
waiting for it run there you go take
your time take your time young man
you're about to make the play of your
career he's got it no let me show you
how it's done [__]
run
anyways you just got be P damn that last
one built like a your dumb ass just
missed hey bro this is a we got a battle
now 3 2 4 shut up don't you mean we got
a bble oh a bble battle it's a yeah
[__] black hole I'm dead I I was truly
in Checkmate since the beginning oh stab
is I knew I knew Dam you got squished
y'all mind if I y'all mind if I Fest the
[__] up real quick I have two
invisibilities
bro too late
no how did you squish me with a [__]
food Dion you have to win dog you have
to wait what he's invisible he's feeding
the black hole you're running out of
time if he feeds that black hole one
more time you're
dead oh he caught a he caught an
asteroid oh damn he must have gotten
beat [__] up bro I didn't see anything I
don't know what hit me yeah you're
right GG's once again just is the worst
possible
he keeps feeding to The Stereotype he's
all full of games hey bro I got four yes
it was me